AT_USER is golizx loovvee my kindle2. not that the dx is cool, but the 2 is fantastic in its own right." 
reading my kindle2.. love it.. lee childs is good read. 
ok, first assesment of the kindle2 ..it fucking rocks!!" 
AT_USER you'll love your kindle2. i've had mine for a few months and never looked back. the new big one is huge! no need for remorse! :) 
AT_USER fair enough. but i have the kindle2 and i think it's perfect :) 
AT_USER no. it is too big. i'm quite happy with the kindle2. 
jquery is my new best friend. 
loves twitter 
how can you not love obama? he makes jokes about himself. 
house correspondents dinner was last night whoopi, barbara &amp; sherri went, obama got a standing ovation" 
watchin espn..jus seen this new nike commerical with a puppet lebron..sh*t was hilarious..lmao!! 
lebron best athlete of our generation, if not all time (basketball related) i don't want to get into inter-sport debates about __1/2" 
i love lebron. URL 
AT_USER lebron is the boss 
AT_USER lebron is a hometown hero to me, lol i love the lakers but let's go cavs, lol" 
lebron and zydrunas are such an awesome duo 
AT_USER lebron is a beast.. nobody in the nba comes even close. 
downloading apps for my iphone! so much fun :-) there literally is an app for just about anything. 
good news, just had a call from the visa office, saying everything is fine..what a relief! i am sick of scams out there! stealing!" 
URL - awesome come back from AT_USER (via AT_USER 
in montreal for a long weekend of r&amp;r. much needed. 
booz allen hamilton has a bad ass homegrown social collaboration platform. way cool! ttiv 
[mluc09] customer innovation award winner: booz allen hamilton -- URL 
AT_USER i current use the nikon d90 and love it, but not as much as the canon 40d/50d. i chose the d90 for the video feature. my mistake." 
AT_USER google is always a good place to look. should've mentioned i worked on the mustang w/ my dad, AT_USER 
rt AT_USER i love the nerdy stanford human biology videos - makes me miss school. URL 
AT_USER has been a bit crazy, with steep learning curve, but lyx is really good for long docs. for anything shorter, it would be insane." 
i'm listening to ""p.y.t"" by danny gokey &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3 aww, he's so amazing. i &lt;3 him so much :)" 
is going to sleep then on a bike ride:] 
AT_USER you will not regret going to see star trek. it was awesome! 
highly recommend: URL by malcolm gladwell 
blink by malcolm gladwell amazing book and the tipping point! 
malcolm gladwell might be my new man crush 
AT_USER playing with twitter api sounds fun. may need to take a class or find a new friend who like to generate results with api code. 
hello twitter api ;) 
is scrapbooking with nic =d 
rt AT_USER five things wolfram alpha does better (and vastly different) than google - URL 
just changed my default pic to a nike basketball cause bball is awesome!! 
back when i worked for nike we had one fav word : just do it! :) 
by the way, i'm totally inspired by this freaky nike commercial: URL 
class.. the 50d is supposed to come today :) 
shout outs to all east palo alto for being in the buildin karizmakaze 50cal gta! also thanks to profits of doom universal hempz cracka.. 
AT_USER AT_USER great stanford course. thanks for making it available to the public! really helpful and informative for starting off! 
@ work til 6pm.. lets go lakers!! 
omgg i ohhdee want mcdonalds damn i wonder if its open lol =] 
AT_USER i really liked AT_USER ""learning jquery"" book. URL is worth a look too" 
very interesting ad from adobe by goodby, silverstein &amp; partners - youtube - adobe cs4: le sens propre URL 
goodby silverstein agency new site! URL great! 
rt AT_USER goodby, silverstein's new site: URL i enjoy it. *nice find!*" 
the ever amazing psyop and goodby silverstein &amp; partners for hp! URL have to go play with after effects now! 
top ten most watched on viral-video chart. love the nike mostvaluablepuppets campaign from wieden &amp; kennedy URL 
zomg!! i have a g2!! 
ok so lots of buzz from io2009 but how lucky are they - a free g2!! URL 
just got a free g2 android at google i/o!! 
guess i'll be retiring my g1 and start using my developer g2 woot googleio 
i am happy for philip being at googleio today 
lakers played great! cannot wait for thursday night lakers vs. ?? 
judd apatow creates fake sitcom on nbc.com to market his new movie.. viral marketing at its best. URL 
watching night at the museum . lmao 
i loved night at the museum!! 
just got back from the movies. went to see the new night at the museum with rachel. it was good 
AT_USER i will take you on a date to see night at the museum 2 whenever you want..it looks soo good 
no watching the night at the museum. getting really good 
night at the museum, wolverine and junk food - perfect monday!" 
saw night at the museum 2 last night.. pretty crazy movie.. but the cast was awesome so it was well worth it. robin williams forever! 
my wrist still hurts. i have to get it looked at. i hate the dr/dentist/scary places. :( time to watch eagle eye. if you want to join, txt!" 
is studing math ;) tomorrow exam and dentist :) 
safeway is very rock n roll tonight 
i love dwight howard's vitamin water commercial.. now i wish he was with nike and not adidas. lol. 
is lovin his nike already and that's only from running on the spot in his bedroom 
AT_USER i finally got around to using jquery to make my bio collapse. yay for slide animations. 
AT_USER right!! lol we'll get there!! i have high expectations, warren buffet style." 
rt AT_USER rt great AT_USER ""someone's sitting in the shade today because someone planted a tree a long time ago.""- warren buffet" 
warren buffet became (for a time) the richest man in the united states, not by working but investing in 1 big idea which lead to the fortune" 
according to the create a school, notre dame will have 7 receivers in ncaa 10 at 84 or higher rating :) *sweet*" 
AT_USER it's definitely under warranty &amp; my experience is the amazon support for kindle is great! had to contact them about my kindle2 
we went to stanford university today. got a tour. made me want to go back to college. it's also decided all of our kids will go there. 
AT_USER i love google translator too ! :d good day mate ! 
reading on my new kindle2! 
my kindle2 came and i love it! :) 
loving my new kindle2. named her kendra in case u were wondering. the ""cookbook"" is the tool cuz it tells u all the tricks! best gift evr!" 
obama is quite a good comedian! check out his dinner speech on cnn :) very funny jokes. 
 barack obama shows his funny side "" &gt;&gt; URL !! great speech.." 
i like this guy : ' barack obama shows his funny side "" &gt;&gt; URL !!" 
obama's speech was pretty awesome last night! URL 
reading ""bill clinton fail - obama win?"" URL 
obama more popular than u.s. among arabs: survey: president barack obama's popularity in leading arab countries .. URL 
obama's got jokes!! haha just got to watch a bit of his after dinner speech from last night.. i'm in love with mr. president ;) 
is it me or is this the best the playoffs have been in years oh yea lebron and melo in the finals 
AT_USER no, lebron is the best" 
AT_USER lebron is cool. i like his personality..he has good character. 
watching lebron highlights. damn that niggas good 
AT_USER lebron is murdering shit. 
AT_USER lebron is a monsta and he is only 24. smh the world ain't ready. 
AT_USER when lebron is done in the nba he will probably be greater than kobe. like u said kobe is good but there alot of 'good' players. 
kobe is good bt lebron has my vote 
AT_USER world cup 2010 access?? damn, that's a good look!" 
just bought my tickets for the 2010 fifa world cup in south africa. its going to be a great summer. URL 
the great indian tamasha truly will unfold from may 16, the result day for indian general election." 
AT_USER i have the kindle2. i've seen pictures of the dx, but haven't seen it in person. i love my kindle - i'm on it everyday." 
AT_USER such an awesome idea - the continual learning program with a kindle2 URL 
AT_USER ooh, what model are you getting?? i have the 40d and love love love love it!" 
the times of india: the wonder that is india's election. URL 
URL good video from google on using search options. 
stanford charity fashion show a top draw URL 
stanford university?s facebook profile is one of the most popular official university pages - URL 
lyx is cool. 
soo dissapointed they sent danny gokey home.. you still rock ..danny .. my hometown hero !! yeah milrockee!! 
rt AT_USER 'american idol' fashion: adam lambert tones down, danny gokey cute .. URL 
AT_USER i love you danny gokey!! :) 
with my best girl for a few more hours in san francisco. mmfamily is wonderful! 
went to see the star trek movie last night. very satisfying. 
i can't wait, going to see star trek tonight!!" 
star trek was as good as everyone said!! 
am loving new malcolm gladwell book - outliers 
i highly recommend malcolm gladwell's 'the tipping point.' my next audiobook will probably be one of his as well. 
rt AT_USER URL great article by malcolm gladwell. 
i seriously underestimated malcolm gladwell. i want to meet this dude. 
i'm really loving the new search site wolfram/alpha. makes google seem so .. quaint. URL 
off to the nike factory!! 
new nike muppet commercials are pretty cute. why do we live together again? 
AT_USER URL - awesome!! seeing the show friday at the shoreline amphitheatre. never seen nin before. can't wait. .. 
AT_USER hey bud :) np i do so love my 50d, although i'd love a 5d mkii more" 
AT_USER AT_USER just got us a 50d for the office. :d 
just picked up my new canon 50d..it's beautiful!! prepare for some seriously awesome photography! 
just got my new toy. canon 50d. love love love it! 
learning about lambda calculus :) 
i'm moving to east palo alto! 
@ atebits i just finished watching your stanford iphone class session. i really appreciate it. you rock! 
AT_USER hi! just saw your stanford talk and really liked your advice. just saying hi from singapore (yes the videos do get around) 
lakers tonight let's go!! 
will the lakers kick the nuggets ass tonight? 
prettiest insects ever - pink katydids: URL 
just had mcdonalds for dinner. :d it was good. big mac meal. ;) 
ahh yes lol ima tell my hubby to go get me sum mcdonalds =] 
stopped to have lunch at mcdonalds. chicken nuggetss! :) yummy. 
could go for a lot of mcdonalds. i mean a lot. 
my exam went good. AT_USER your prayers worked (: 
only one exam left, and i am so happy for it :d" 
absolutely hilarious!! from AT_USER URL 
AT_USER i never did thank you for including me in your top 100 twitter authors! you rock! (&amp; i new wave :-d) URL 
rt AT_USER awesome jquery reference book for coda! URL webdesign 
i've been sending e-mails like crazy today to my contacts..does anyone have a contact at goodby silverstein..i'd love to speak to them 
goodby, silverstein's new site.. URL i enjoy it." 
wow everyone at the google i/o conference got free g2's with a month of unlimited service 
AT_USER dood i got a free google android phone at the i/o conference. the g2! 
AT_USER the g2 is amazing btw, a huge improvement over the g1" 
html 5 demos! lots of great stuff to come! yes, i'm excited. :) URL io2009 googleio" 
AT_USER URL - yay! happy place! place place! i love google! 
googleio | o3d - bringing 3d graphics to the browser. very nice tbh. funfun. 
awesome viral marketing for ""funny people"" URL 
night at the museum 2? pretty furkin good. 
watching night at the museum - giggling. 
just watched night at the museum 2! so stinkin cute! 
so, night at the museum 2 was awesome! much better than part 1. next weekend we'll see up." 
saw the new night at the museum and i loved it. next is to go see up in 3d 
yankees won mets lost. its a good day. 
my dentist appt today was actually quite enjoyable. 
just applied at safeway!(: yee! 
nike rocks. i'm super grateful for what i've done with them :) &amp; the european division of nike is beyond! AT_USER AT_USER 
AT_USER have you tried nike ? v. addictive. 
the nike training club (beta) iphone app looks very interesting. 
i'm ready to drop the pretenses, i am forever in love with jquery, and i want to marry it. sorry ladies, this nerd is jquery.spokenfor.js" 
super investors: a great weekend read here from warren buffet. oldie, but a goodie. URL 
reading michael palin book, the python years..great book. i also recommend warren buffet &amp; nelson mandela's bio" 
i mean, i'm down with notre dame if i have to. it's a good school, i'd be closer to dan, i'd enjoy it." 
i'd say some sports writers are idiots for saying roger federer is one of the best ever in tennis. roger federer is the best ever in tennis 
i love my kindle2. no more stacks of books to trip over on the way to the loo. 
got my wave sandbox invite! extra excited! too bad i have class now.. but i'll play with it soon enough! io2009 wave 
AT_USER thanks so much!! ..from one of your *very* happy kindle2 winners ; ) i was so surprised, fabulous. thank you! best, kathleen" 
AT_USER i have a kindle2 (&amp; sony prs-500). like it! physical device feels good. font is nice. pg turns are snappy enuf. ui a little klunky. 
the kindle2 seems the best ereader, but will it work in the uk and where can i get one?" 
i have a google addiction. thank you for pointing that out, AT_USER hahaha." 
excited about seeing bobby flay and guy fieri tomorrow at the great american food &amp; music fest! 
gonna go see bobby flay 2moro at shoreline. eat and drink. gonna be good. 
can't wait for the great american food and music festival at shoreline tomorrow. mm..katz pastrami and bobby flay. yes please. 
my dad was in ny for a day, we ate at mesa grill last night and met bobby flay. so much fun, except i completely lost my voice today." 
getting ready to test out some burger receipes this weekend. bobby flay has some great receipes to try. thanks bobby. 
i lam so in love with bobby flay.. he is my favorite. rt AT_USER AT_USER you need a place in phoenix. we have great peppers here! 
using linux and loving it - so much nicer than windows.. looking forward to using the wysiwyg latex editor! 
after using latex a lot, any other typeset mathematics just looks hideous." 
ahh.. back in a *real* text editing environment. i &lt;3 latex. 
