check this video out -- president obama at the white house correspondents' dinner URL 
need suggestions for a good ir filter for my canon 40d .. got some? pls dm 
AT_USER i just checked my google for my business- blip shows up as the second entry! huh. is that a good or ba.. ? URL 
is in san francisco at bay to breakers. 
just landed at san francisco 
san francisco today. any suggestions? 
on my way to see star trek @ the esquire. 
going to see star trek soon with my dad. 
bill simmons in conversation with malcolm gladwell URL 
playing with curl and the twitter api 
playing with java and the twitter api 
nike owns nba playoffs ads w/ lebron, kobe, carmelo? URL adidas billups howard marketing branding" 
next time, i'll call myself nike'" 
new blog post: nike sb dunk low premium 'white gum' URL 
giving weka an app engine interface, using the bird strike data for the tests, the logo is a given." 
brand new canon eos 50d 15mp dslr camera canon 17-85mm is lens ..: web technology thread, brand new canon eos 5.. URL 
nvidia names stanford's bill dally chief scientist, vp of research URL 
new blog post: harvard versus stanford - who wins? URL 
jquery ui 1.6 book review - URL 
at gwt fireside chat AT_USER 
hi there, does anyone have a great source for advice on viral marketing?.. URL 
here's a case study on how to use viral marketing to add over 10,00 people to your list URL 
going to see the new night at the museum movie with my family oh boy a three year old in the movies fuin 
just saw the new night at the museum movie..it was..okay..lol 7\10 
going to see night at the museum 2 with tall boy 
i saw night at the museum: battle of the swithsonian today. it was okay. your typical [kids] ben stiller movie. 
taking katie to see night at the museum. (she picked it) 
gm says expects announcment on sale of hummer soon - reuters: wdsugm says expects announcment on sale of hummer .. URL 
time warner cable pulls the plug on 'the girlfriend experience' - (ww.tinyurl.com/m595fk) 
rocawear heads to china, building 300 stores - URL 
climate focus turns to beijing: the united nations, the us and european governments have called on china to co-o.. URL 
myfoxdc barrie students back from trip to china: a silver spring high school's class trip to china has en.. URL 
three china aerospace giants develop tianjin binhai new area, 22.9 b yuan invested URL 
URL gm ceo: china will continue to be key partner 
rt AT_USER is now the time to buy a gm car? URL 
dentist tomorrow. have to brush well in the morning. like i make my hair all nice before i get it cut. why? 
AT_USER pet dentist URL 
ncaa baseball super regional - rams club URL 
just started playing major league baseball 2k9. URL 
cardinals baseball advance to super regionals. face cs-fullerton friday. 
sony coupon code.. expires soon.. URL 
waiting in line at safeway. 
did not realize there is a gym above safeway! 
AT_USER i have three words for you: ""safeway dot com"" 
bout to hit safeway i gotta eat 
jake's going to safeway! 
found a safeway. picking up a few staples. 
safeway super-marketing via mobile coupons URL 
your normal weight (and how to get there) ? normal eating blog URL 
is eating and watching movies.. 
eating sashimi 
is eating home made yema 
eating cake 
iphone may get radio tagging and nike : recently-released itunes version 8.2 suggests that voiceover functional.. URL 
launched! URL imgsearch ajax jquery webapp 
rt AT_USER the ultimate jquery list - URL 
i just extracted and open-sourced a jquery plugin from stormweight to highlight text with a regular expression: URL 
AT_USER what was the php jquery hack? 
jquery cheat sheet URL 
beginning javascript and css development with jquery javascript css jquery URL 
warren buffet on the economy URL 
all-star basketball classic tuesday features top talent: chattanooga's notre dame high school will play host.. URL 
rt look, available !amazon kindle2 &amp; kindle dx, get it here: URL the top electronic book reader period, free 2 day ship .." 
man accosts roger federer during french open URL 
investigation pending on death of stanford cs prof / google mentor rajeev motwani URL tip AT_USER 
i'm going to bed. it was a successful weekend. stanford, here i come." 
google wave developer sandbox account request URL 
AT_USER have google profiles stopped showing up in searches? cant see them anymore 
any twitter to aprs apps yet? 
45 pros you should be following on twitter - URL 
share: disruption..fred wilson's slides for his talk at google hq URL 
ok.. do nothing.. just thinking about 40d 
rt AT_USER rt AT_USER gm onstar now instantly sends accident location coordinates to 911 | gps obsessed URL 
breakers. in san francisco, ca URL 
heading to san francisco 
how do you use the twitter api?.. URL 
testing twitter api 
testing twitter api. remote update 
new blog post: nike zoom lebron soldier 3 (ii) - white / black - teal URL 
new blog post: nike trainer 1 URL 
jobs sittercity help with taking care of sick child (east palo alto, ca) URL 
mba admissions tips stanford gsb deadlines and essay topics 2009-2010 URL 
ethics and nonprofits - URL stanford socialentrepreneurship 
learning jquery 1.3 book review - URL 
adobe cs4 commercial by goodby silverstein: URL 
watching a programme about the life of hitler, its only enhancing my geekiness of history." 
AT_USER jenna, i went to see night at the museum 2 today and i was so surprised to see three cast members from the office.." 
about to watch night at the museum with ryan and stacy 
getting ready to go watch night at the museum 2. dum dum, you give me gum gum!" 
i think i may have a new favorite restaurant. on our way to see ""night at the museum 2""." 
up! was sold out, so i'm seeing night at the museum 2. i'm __ years old." 
obama: nationalization of gm to be short-term (ap) URL 
time warner ceo hints at online fees for magazines (ap) - read from mountain view,united states. views 16209 URL 
lawson to head newedge hong kong URL business china 
weird piano guitar house in china! URL 
send us your gm/chevy photos URL 
AT_USER i had a dentist appt this morning and had the same conversation! 
check this video out -- david after dentist URL 
first dentist appointment [in years] on wednesday possibly. 
tom shanahan's latest column on sdsu and its ncaa baseball regional appearance: URL 
baseballamerica.com: blog: baseball america prospects blog ? blog .. URL 
portland city politics may undo baseball park URL 
rt AT_USER ca merced's water bottled by safeway, resold at a profit: wells are drying up across the county URL 
dropped her broccoli walking home from safeway! ;( so depressed 
AT_USER we don't have safeway. 
at safeway with dad 
safeway with marvin, janelle, and auntie lhu" 
safeway offering mobile coupons URL 
phillies driving in the cadillac with the top down in cali, win 5-3 - URL 
saved money by opting for grocery store trip and stocking food in hotel room fridge vs. eating out every night while out of town. 
lounging around, eating taco bell and watching ncis before work tonight. need help staying awake." 
eating breakfast and then school 
still hungry after eating.. 
10 tips for healthy eating ? resultsby fitness blog :: fitness .. URL 
with the boyfriend, eating a quesadilla" 
eating dinner. meat, chips, and risotto." 
got a new pair of nike shoes. pics up later 
nike sb blazer high ""acg"" custom - brad douglas - URL 
nike air yeezy khaki/pink colorway release - URL 
AT_USER that looks an awful lot like one of nike's private jets..i'm just sayin.. 
devsnippets : jquery tools - javascript ui components for the web.. URL 
all about ajax,jquery ,css ,javascript and more.. (many examples) URL 
this is cold.. i was looking at google's chart//visualization api and found this jquery ""wrapper"" for the api.. URL 
i spent most of my day reading a jquery book. now to start drinking some delirium tremens. 
jquery selectors URL 
how to implement a news ticker with jquery and ten lines of code URL 
what's buffet doing? warren buffett kicks butt in battle of the boots: posted by:alex crippe.. URL 
i'm truly braindead. i couldn't come up with warren buffet's name to save my soul 
AT_USER oh i see. i thought at&amp;t were 900mhz wcdma? 
AT_USER where did you read about tethering support phil? just at&amp;t or will o2 be joining in? 
i hope the girl at work buys my kindle2 
missed this insight-filled may column: one smart guy looking closely at why he's impressed with kindle2 URL AT_USER 
AT_USER my primary debit card is visa electron. 
off to the bank to get my new visa platinum card 
has a date with bobby flay and gut fieri from food network 
how to track iran with social media: URL 
twitter stock buzz: $aapl $es_f $spy $spx $palm (updated: 12:00 pm) 
AT_USER is bobby flay joining you? 
ask programming: latex or indesign?: submitted by calcio1 [link] [1 comment] URL 
