fuck this economy. i hate aig and their non loan given asses. 
AT_USER i firmly believe that obama/pelosi have zero desire to be civil. it's a charade and a slogan, but they want to destroy conservatism" 
dear nike, stop with the flywire. that shit is a waste of science. and ugly. love, AT_USER 
i was talking to this guy last night and he was telling me that he is a die hard spurs fan. he also told me that he hates lebron james. 
AT_USER lebron is a beast, but i'm still cheering 4 the a..til the end." 
played with an android google phone. the slide out screen scares me i would break that fucker so fast. still prefer my iphone. 
us planning to resume the military tribunals at guantanamo bay.. only this time those on trial will be aig execs and chrysler debt holders 
omg so bored &amp; my tattoos are so itchy!! help! aha =) 
i'm itchy and miserable! 
AT_USER no. i'm not itchy for now. maybe later, lol." 
cant sleep.. my tooth is aching. 
blah, blah, blah same old same old. no plans today, going back to sleep i guess." 
glad i didnt do bay to breakers today, it's 100 freaking degrees in san francisco wtf" 
?obama administration must stop bonuses to aig ponzi schemers .. URL 
started to think that citi is in really deep s&amp;^t. are they gonna survive the turmoil or are they gonna be the next aig? 
shaunwoo hate'n on aig 
annoying new trend on the internets: people picking apart michael lewis and malcolm gladwell. nobody wants to read that. 
omg. the commercials alone on espn are going to drive me nuts. 
AT_USER because the twitter api is slow and most client's aren't good. 
yahoo answers can be a butt sometimes 
rt AT_USER was just told that nike layoffs started today :-( 
needs someone to explain lambda calculus to him! :( 
took the graduate field exam for computer science today. nothing makes you feel like more of an idiot than lambda calculus. 
AT_USER yeahh, i wouldn't really have lived in east palo alto if i could have avoided it. i guess it's only for the summer." 
damn you north korea. URL 
can we just go ahead and blow north korea off the map already? 
north korea, please cease this douchebaggery. china doesn't even like you anymore. URL 
why the hell is pelosi in freakin china? and on whose dime? 
are you burning more cash $$ than chrysler and gm? stop the financial tsunami. where ""bailout"" means taking a handout!" 
insects have infected my spinach plant :( 
wish i could catch every mosquito in the world n burn em slowly.they been bitin the shit outta me 2day.mosquitos are the assholes of insects 
just got back from church, and i totally hate insects." 
just got mcdonalds goddam those eggs make me sick. o yeah laker up date go lakers. not much of an update? well it's true so suck it 
history exam studying ugh 
i hate revision, it's so boring! i am totally unprepared for my exam tomorrow :( things are not looking good.." 
higher physics exam tommorow, not lookin forward to it much :(" 
it's a bank holiday, yet i'm only out of work now. exam season sucks:(" 
cheney and bush are the real culprits - URL 
life?s a bitch? and so is dick cheney. p2 bipart tlot tcot hhrs gop dnc URL 
dick cheney's dishonest speech about torture, terror, and obama. -fred kaplan slate. URL 
the republican party is a bunch of anti-abortion zealots who couldn't draw flies to a dump."" -- neal boortz (just now, on the radio)" 
is twitter's connections api broken? some tweets didn't make it to twitter.. 
i srsly hate the stupid twitter api timeout thing, soo annoying!! :(" 
viral marketing fail. this acia pills brand oughta get shut down for hacking into people's messenger's. i get 5-6 msgs in a day! arrgh! 
night at the museum tonite instead of up. :( oh well. that 4 yr old better enjoy it. lol 
it's unfortunate that after the stimulus plan was put in place twice to help gm on the back of the american people has led to the inevitable 
tell me again why we are giving more $$ to gm?? we should use that $ for all the programs that support the unemployed. 
AT_USER oh yes but if gm dies it will only be worth more boo hahaha 
time warner cable is down again 3rd time since memorial day bummer! 
i would rather pay reasonable yearly taxes for ""free"" fast internet, than get gouged by time warner for a slow connection." 
noo my dvr just died and i was only half way through the ea presser. hate you time warner 
f*ck time warner cable!! you f*cking suck balls!! i have a $700 hd tv &amp; my damn hd channels hardly ever come in. bullshit!! 
time warner has the worse customer service ever. i will never use them again 
time warner is the devil. worst possible time for the internet to go out. 
fuck no internet damn time warner! 
time warner really picks the worst time to not work. all i want to do is get to mtv.com so i can watch the hills. wtff. 
i hate time warner! soo wish i had vios. cant watch the fricken mets game w/o buffering. i feel like im watching free internet porn. 
ahh..got rid of stupid time warner today &amp; now taking a nap while the roomies cook for me. pretty good end for a monday :) 
time warner's hd line up is crap. 
is being fucked by time warner cable. didnt know modems could explode. and susan boyle sucks too! 
time warner cable slogan: where calling it a day at 2pm happens. 
recovering from surgery..wishing AT_USER was here :( 
the dentist lied! "" u won't feel any discomort! prob won't even need pain pills"" man u twippin this shit hurt!! how many pills can i take!!" 
AT_USER my dentist is great but she's expensive..=( 
my dentist was wrong.. wrong 
going to the dentist later.:| 
son has me looking at cars online. i hate car shopping. would rather go to the dentist! anyone with a good car at a good price to sell? 
luke and i got stopped walking out of safeway and asked to empty our pockets and lift our shirts. how jacked up is that? 
the safeway bathroom still smells like ass! 
at safeway on elkhorn, they move like they're dead!" 
found nothing at nike factory :/ off to banana republic outlet! URL 
time warner road runner customer support here absolutely blows. i hate not having other high-speed net options. i'm ready to go nuclear. 
time warner cable phone reps r dumber than nails!! ugh! cable was working 10 mins ago now its not wtf! 
AT_USER we tried but time warner wasn't being nice so we recorded today. :) 
omg - time warner f'ed up my internet install - instead of today its now next saturday - another week w/o internet! &amp;$*ehfa^v9fhg[*# fml. 
wth..i have never seen a line this loong at time warner before, ugh." 
impatiently awaiting the arrival of the time warner guy. it's way too pretty to be inside all afternoon 
naive bayes using em for text classification. really frustrating.. 
AT_USER if you're being harassed by calls about your car warranty, changing your number won't fix that. they call every number. d-bags" 
just blocked united blood services using google voice. they call more than those car warranty guys. 
at&amp;t is complete fail. 
AT_USER oh snap you work at at&amp;t don't you 
AT_USER i really dont want at&amp;t phone service..they suck when it comes to having a signal 
i say we just cut out the small talk: at&amp;t's new slogan: f__k you, give us your money. (apologies to bob geldof.)" 
pissed about at&amp;t's mid-contract upgrade price for the iphone (it's $200 more) i'm not going to pay $499 for something i thought was $299 
safari 4 is fast :) even on my shitty at&amp;t tethering. 
AT_USER what is at&amp;t fucking up? 
AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER at&amp;t dropped the ball and isn't supporting crap with the new iphone 3.0.. fail att sucks!! 
AT_USER yay, glad you got the phone! still, damn you, at&amp;t." 
talk is cheap: bing that, i?ll stick with google. URL 
AT_USER wtf is the point of deleting tweets if they can still be found in summize and searches? twitter, please fix that. thanks and bye" 
the real aig scandal / URL 
lebron james got in a car accident i guess..just heard it on evening news..wow i cant believe it..will he be ok ? URL 
kobe is the best in the world not lebron . 
i have to go to booz allen hamilton for a 2hr meeting :( but then i get to go home :) 
AT_USER lol. ah my skin is itchy :( damn lawnmowing. 
itchy back!! dont ya hate it! 
so tired. i didn't sleep well at all last night. 
boarding plane for san francisco in 1 hour; 6 hr flight. blech. 
bonjour san francisco. my back hurts from last night.. 
f** up big, or go home - aig" 
malcolm gladwell is a genius at tricking people into not realizing he's a fucking idiot 
AT_USER hey no offense but malcolm gladwell is a pretenious, annoying cunt and he brings you down. cant read his shit" 
i hate comcast right now. everything is down cable internet &amp; phone..ughh what am i to do 
comcast sucks. 
the day i never have to deal with comcast again will rank as one of the best days of my life. 
AT_USER did comcast fail again?? 
curses the twitter api limit 
now i can see why dave winer screams about lack of twitter api, its limitations and access throttles!" 
arg. twitter api is making me crazy. 
wolfram alpha sucks! even for researchers the information provided is less than you can get from google or wikipedia, totally useless!" 
AT_USER oh those are awesome! i so wish they weren't owned by nike :( 
arhh, it's weka bug. = ="" and i spent almost two hours to find that out. crappy me" 
ooh.. north korea is in troublee! URL 
wat the heck is north korea doing!!??!! they just conducted powerful nuclear tests! follow the link: URL 
listening to obama.. friggin north korea.. 
i just realized we three monkeys in the white obama.biden,pelosi . sarah palin 2012" 
AT_USER pelosi should stay in china and never come back. 
nancy pelosi gave the worst commencement speech i've ever heard. yes i'm still bitter about this 
ugh. the amount of times these stupid insects have bitten me. grr.. 
just got barraged by a horde of insects hungry for my kitchen light. so scary. 
math review. im going to fail the exam. 
colin powell rocked yesterday on cbs. cheney needs to shut the hell up and go home.powell is a man of honor and served our country proudly 
obviously not siding with cheney here: URL 
saw night at the museum out of sheer desperation. who is funding these movies? 
back from seeing 'star trek' and 'night at the museum.' 'star trek' was amazing, but 'night at the museum' was; eh." 
it is a shame about gm. what if they are forced to make only cars the white house thinks will sell? what do you think? 
as u may have noticed, not too happy about the gm situation, nor aig, lehman, et al" 
AT_USER $gm good riddance. sad though. 
i will never buy a government motors vehicle: until just recently, i drove gm cars. since 1988, when i bought a .. URL 
having the old coca-cola guy on the gm board is stupid has heck! tcot ala 
rantsandraves the worst thing about gm (concord / pleasant hill / martinez): is the fucking uaw. .. URL 
give a man a fish, u feed him for the day. teach him to fish, u feed him for life. buy him gm, and u f**k him over for good." 
the more i hear about this gm thing the more angry i get. billions wasted, more bullshit. all for something like 40k employees and all the.." 
AT_USER i own a gm car and it is junk as far as quality compared to a honda 
sad day..bankrupt gm 
is upset about the whole gm thing. life as i know it is so screwed up 
whoever is running time warner needs to be repeatedly raped by a rhino so they understand the consequences of putting out shitty cable svcs 
wftb joining a bit late. my connection was down (boo time warner) 
cox or time warner? cox is cheaper and gets a b on dslreports. tw is more expensive and gets a c. 
i am furious with time warner and their phone promotions! 
just got home from chick-fil-a with the boys. damn my internets down =( stupid time warner 
could time-warner cable suck more? no. 
pissed at time warner for causin me to have slow internet problems 
AT_USER umm, having some time warner problems?" 
you guys see this? why does time warner have to suck so much ass? really wish i could get u-verse at my apartment. URL 
rt AT_USER the upside to time warner: unhelpful phone operators superslow on-site service. crap, that's not an upside." 
rt AT_USER new time warner slogan: ""time warner, where we make you long for the days before cable."" 
confirmed: it's time warner's fault, not facebook's, that fb is taking about 3 minutes to load. so tempted to switch to verizon =/" 
AT_USER time warner = epic fail 
i know. how sad is that? rt AT_USER 1st day of hurricane season. that's less scarey than govt taking over gm. 
gm files bankruptcy, not a good sign.." 
i hate the effing dentist. 
AT_USER i hate going to the dentist.. !! 
i hate the dentist..who invented them anyways? 
this dentist's office is cold :/ 
@ safeway. place is a nightmare right now. bumming. 
hate safeway select green tea icecream! bought two cartons, what a waste of money. &gt;_&lt;" 
argghh why won't my jquery appear in safari bad safari !! 
i can't watch tv without a tivo. and after all these years, the time/warner dvr still sucks. URL 
i still love my kindle2 but reading the new york times on it does not feel natural. i miss the bloomingdale ads. 
although today's keynote rocked, for every great announcement, at&amp;t shit on us just a little bit more." 
AT_USER - its not so much my obsession with cell phones, but the iphone! i'm a slave to at&amp;t forever because of it. :)" 
fuzzball is more fun than at&amp;t ;p URL 
today is a good day to dislike at&amp;t. vote out of office indeed, AT_USER 
looks like summize has gone down. too many tweets from wwdc perhaps? 
man i kinda dislike apple right now. case in point: the iphone 3gs. wish there was a video recorder app. please?? URL 
dearest AT_USER you rich bastards! the visa card you sent me doesn't work. why screw a little guy like me?" 
fighting with latex. again.. 
AT_USER we love you too and don't want you to die!! latex = the devil 
7 hours. 7 hours of inkscape crashing, normally solid as a rock. 7 hours of latex complaining at the slightest thing. i can't take any more." 
shit's hitting the fan in iran..craziness indeed iranelection 
monday already. iran may implode. kitchen is a disaster. AT_USER seems happy. AT_USER had a nice weekend and AT_USER is great. whoop. 
i just created my first latex file from scratch. that didn't work out very well. (see AT_USER , it's a great time waster)" 
on that note, i hate word. i hate pages. i hate latex. there, i said it. i hate latex. all you texn3rds can come kill me now." 
trouble in iran, i see. hmm. iran. iran so far away. flockofseagullsweregeopoliticallycorrect" 
reading the tweets coming out of iran.. the whole thing is terrifying and incredibly sad.. 
